now the Lord said to Joshua do not be
now the Lord said to Joshua do not be afraid nor be dismayed take all the
afraid nor be dismayed take all the
afraid nor be dismayed take all the people of war with you and arise go up
people of war with you and arise go up
people of war with you and arise go up to AI see I have given into your hand
to AI see I have given into your hand
to AI see I have given into your hand the king of AI his people his City and
the king of AI his people his City and
the king of AI his people his City and his land and you shall do - AI and its
his land and you shall do - AI and its
his land and you shall do - AI and its King as you did to Jericho and its King
King as you did to Jericho and its King
King as you did to Jericho and its King only its foil and it's careful you shall
only its foil and it's careful you shall
only its foil and it's careful you shall take as booty for yourselves lay an
take as booty for yourselves lay an
take as booty for yourselves lay an ambush for the city behind it so Joshua
ambush for the city behind it so Joshua
ambush for the city behind it so Joshua arose and all the people of war to go up
arose and all the people of war to go up
arose and all the people of war to go up against AI and Joshua chose thirty
against AI and Joshua chose thirty
against AI and Joshua chose thirty thousand mighty men of valor and sent
thousand mighty men of valor and sent
thousand mighty men of valor and sent them away by night and he commanded them
them away by night and he commanded them
them away by night and he commanded them behold you shall lie in ambush against
behold you shall lie in ambush against
behold you shall lie in ambush against the city behind the city do not go very
the city behind the city do not go very
the city behind the city do not go very far from the city but all of you be
far from the city but all of you be
far from the city but all of you be ready then I and all the people who are
ready then I and all the people who are
ready then I and all the people who are with me will approach the city and it
with me will approach the city and it
with me will approach the city and it will come about when they come out
will come about when they come out
will come about when they come out against us as at the first that we shall
against us as at the first that we shall
against us as at the first that we shall flee before them for they will come out
flee before them for they will come out
flee before them for they will come out after us till we have drawn them from
after us till we have drawn them from
after us till we have drawn them from the city for they will say they are
the city for they will say they are
the city for they will say they are fleeing before us as at the first
fleeing before us as at the first
fleeing before us as at the first therefore we will flee before them
therefore we will flee before them
therefore we will flee before them then you shall rise from the ambush and
then you shall rise from the ambush and
then you shall rise from the ambush and seize the city for the Lord your God
seize the city for the Lord your God
seize the city for the Lord your God will deliver it into your hand and it
will deliver it into your hand and it
will deliver it into your hand and it will be when you have taken the city
will be when you have taken the city
will be when you have taken the city that you shall set the city on fire
that you shall set the city on fire
that you shall set the city on fire according to the commandment of the Lord
according to the commandment of the Lord
according to the commandment of the Lord you shall do see I have commanded you
Joshua therefore sent them out and they
Joshua therefore sent them out and they went to lie in ambush
went to lie in ambush
went to lie in ambush and stay between Bethel and AI on the
and stay between Bethel and AI on the
and stay between Bethel and AI on the west side of AI but Joshua lodged that
west side of AI but Joshua lodged that
west side of AI but Joshua lodged that night among the people when Joshua rose
night among the people when Joshua rose
night among the people when Joshua rose up early in the morning and mustered the
up early in the morning and mustered the
up early in the morning and mustered the people and went up he and the elders of
people and went up he and the elders of
people and went up he and the elders of Israel before the people to AI and all
Israel before the people to AI and all
Israel before the people to AI and all the people of war who were with him went
the people of war who were with him went
the people of war who were with him went up and drew near and they came before
up and drew near and they came before
up and drew near and they came before the city and camped on the north side of
the city and camped on the north side of
the city and camped on the north side of AI now a valley lay between them and AI
AI now a valley lay between them and AI
AI now a valley lay between them and AI so he took about five thousand men and
so he took about five thousand men and
so he took about five thousand men and set them in ambush between Bethel and AI
set them in ambush between Bethel and AI
set them in ambush between Bethel and AI on the west side of the city and when
on the west side of the city and when
on the west side of the city and when they had set the people all the army
they had set the people all the army
they had set the people all the army that was on the north of the city and
that was on the north of the city and
that was on the north of the city and his rear guard on the west of the city
his rear guard on the west of the city
his rear guard on the west of the city Joshua went that night into the midst of
Joshua went that night into the midst of
Joshua went that night into the midst of the valley now it happened when the king
the valley now it happened when the king
the valley now it happened when the king of AI saw it that the men of the city
of AI saw it that the men of the city
of AI saw it that the men of the city hurried and rose early and went out
hurried and rose early and went out
hurried and rose early and went out against Israel to battle he and all his
against Israel to battle he and all his
against Israel to battle he and all his people at an appointed place before the
people at an appointed place before the
people at an appointed place before the plane but he did not know that there was
plane but he did not know that there was
plane but he did not know that there was an ambush against him behind the city
an ambush against him behind the city
an ambush against him behind the city and Joshua and all Israel made as if
and Joshua and all Israel made as if
and Joshua and all Israel made as if they were beaten before them and fled by
they were beaten before them and fled by
they were beaten before them and fled by way of the wilderness so all the people
way of the wilderness so all the people
way of the wilderness so all the people who were in AI were called together to
who were in AI were called together to
who were in AI were called together to pursue them and they pursue Joshua and
pursue them and they pursue Joshua and
pursue them and they pursue Joshua and were drawn away from the city there was
were drawn away from the city there was
were drawn away from the city there was not a man left in AI or Bethel who did
not a man left in AI or Bethel who did
not a man left in AI or Bethel who did not go out after Israel so they left the
not go out after Israel so they left the
not go out after Israel so they left the city open and pursued Israel
city open and pursued Israel
city open and pursued Israel then the Lord said to Joshua stretch out
then the Lord said to Joshua stretch out
then the Lord said to Joshua stretch out the spear that is in your hand toward AI
the spear that is in your hand toward AI
the spear that is in your hand toward AI for I will give it into your hand and
for I will give it into your hand and
for I will give it into your hand and Joshua stretched out the spear that was
Joshua stretched out the spear that was
Joshua stretched out the spear that was in his hand toward the city so those in
in his hand toward the city so those in
in his hand toward the city so those in ambush arose quickly out of their place
ambush arose quickly out of their place
ambush arose quickly out of their place they ran as soon as he had stretched out
they ran as soon as he had stretched out
they ran as soon as he had stretched out his hand and they entered the city and
his hand and they entered the city and
his hand and they entered the city and hood and hurried to set the city on fire
hood and hurried to set the city on fire
hood and hurried to set the city on fire and when the men of air looked behind
and when the men of air looked behind
and when the men of air looked behind them they saw and behold the smoke of
them they saw and behold the smoke of
them they saw and behold the smoke of the city ascended to heaven so they had
the city ascended to heaven so they had
the city ascended to heaven so they had no power to flee this way or that way
no power to flee this way or that way
no power to flee this way or that way and the people who had fled to the
and the people who had fled to the
and the people who had fled to the wilderness turned back on the pursuers
wilderness turned back on the pursuers
wilderness turned back on the pursuers now when Joshua and all Israel saw that
now when Joshua and all Israel saw that
now when Joshua and all Israel saw that the ambush had taken the city and that
the ambush had taken the city and that
the ambush had taken the city and that the smoke of the city ascended they
the smoke of the city ascended they
the smoke of the city ascended they turned back and struck down the men of
turned back and struck down the men of
turned back and struck down the men of air then the others came out of the city
air then the others came out of the city
air then the others came out of the city against them so they were caught in the
against them so they were caught in the
against them so they were caught in the midst of Israel some on this side and
midst of Israel some on this side and
midst of Israel some on this side and some on BET's and they struck them down
some on BET's and they struck them down
some on BET's and they struck them down so that they left Naaman remained or
so that they left Naaman remained or
so that they left Naaman remained or escaped
escaped
escaped but the king of AI they took alive and
but the king of AI they took alive and
but the king of AI they took alive and brought him to Josh and it came to pass
brought him to Josh and it came to pass
brought him to Josh and it came to pass when Israel had made an end of slaying
when Israel had made an end of slaying
when Israel had made an end of slaying all the inhabitants of AI in the field
all the inhabitants of AI in the field
all the inhabitants of AI in the field in the wilderness where they pursued
in the wilderness where they pursued
in the wilderness where they pursued them and when they all had fallen by the
them and when they all had fallen by the
them and when they all had fallen by the edge of the sword until they were
edge of the sword until they were
edge of the sword until they were consumed that all the Israelites
consumed that all the Israelites
consumed that all the Israelites returned to AI and struck it with the
returned to AI and struck it with the
returned to AI and struck it with the edge of the sword so it was that all who
edge of the sword so it was that all who
edge of the sword so it was that all who fell that day both men and women were
fell that day both men and women were
fell that day both men and women were twelve thousand all the people of AI for
twelve thousand all the people of AI for
twelve thousand all the people of AI for Joshua did not draw back his hand with
Joshua did not draw back his hand with
Joshua did not draw back his hand with which he stretched out the spear until
which he stretched out the spear until
which he stretched out the spear until he had utterly destroyed all the
he had utterly destroyed all the
he had utterly destroyed all the inhabitants of AI only the livestock and
inhabitants of AI only the livestock and
inhabitants of AI only the livestock and the spoil of that city Israel took as
the spoil of that city Israel took as
the spoil of that city Israel took as booty for themselves according to the
booty for themselves according to the
booty for themselves according to the word of the Lord which he had commanded
word of the Lord which he had commanded
word of the Lord which he had commanded Joshua so Joshua burned AI and made it a
Joshua so Joshua burned AI and made it a
Joshua so Joshua burned AI and made it a heap forever a desolation to this day
heap forever a desolation to this day
heap forever a desolation to this day and the king of AI
and the king of AI
and the king of AI he hanged on a tree until evening and as
he hanged on a tree until evening and as
he hanged on a tree until evening and as soon as the Sun was down Joshua
soon as the Sun was down Joshua
soon as the Sun was down Joshua commanded that they should take his
commanded that they should take his
commanded that they should take his corpse down from the tree cast it at the
corpse down from the tree cast it at the
corpse down from the tree cast it at the entrance of the gate of the city and
entrance of the gate of the city and
entrance of the gate of the city and raise over it a great heap of stones
raise over it a great heap of stones
raise over it a great heap of stones that remains to this day now Joshua
that remains to this day now Joshua
that remains to this day now Joshua built an altar to the Lord God of Israel
built an altar to the Lord God of Israel
built an altar to the Lord God of Israel in Mount Ebal as Moses the servant of
in Mount Ebal as Moses the servant of
in Mount Ebal as Moses the servant of the Lord had commanded the children of
the Lord had commanded the children of
the Lord had commanded the children of Israel as it is written in the book of
Israel as it is written in the book of
Israel as it is written in the book of the law of Moses and altar of hole
the law of Moses and altar of hole
the law of Moses and altar of hole stones over which no man has wielded an
stones over which no man has wielded an
stones over which no man has wielded an iron tool and they offered on it burnt
iron tool and they offered on it burnt
iron tool and they offered on it burnt offerings to the Lord and sacrificed
offerings to the Lord and sacrificed
offerings to the Lord and sacrificed peace offerings and there in the
peace offerings and there in the
peace offerings and there in the presence of the children of Israel he
presence of the children of Israel he
presence of the children of Israel he wrote on the stones a copy of the law of
wrote on the stones a copy of the law of
wrote on the stones a copy of the law of Moses which he had written then all
Moses which he had written then all
Moses which he had written then all Israel with their elders and officers
Israel with their elders and officers
Israel with their elders and officers and judges stood on either side of the
and judges stood on either side of the
and judges stood on either side of the ark before the priests the Levites
ark before the priests the Levites
ark before the priests the Levites who bore the Ark of the Covenant of the
who bore the Ark of the Covenant of the
who bore the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord the stranger as well as he who was
Lord the stranger as well as he who was
Lord the stranger as well as he who was born among them half of them were in
born among them half of them were in
born among them half of them were in front of Mount Gerizim and half of them
front of Mount Gerizim and half of them
front of Mount Gerizim and half of them in front of Mount Ebal
in front of Mount Ebal
in front of Mount Ebal as Moses the servant of the Lord had
as Moses the servant of the Lord had
as Moses the servant of the Lord had commanded before that they should bless
commanded before that they should bless
commanded before that they should bless the people of Israel and afterward he
the people of Israel and afterward he
the people of Israel and afterward he read all the words of the law the
read all the words of the law the
read all the words of the law the blessings and the cursings according to
blessings and the cursings according to
blessings and the cursings according to all that is written in the book of the
all that is written in the book of the
all that is written in the book of the law there was not a word of all that
law there was not a word of all that
law there was not a word of all that Moses had commanded which joshua did not
Moses had commanded which joshua did not
Moses had commanded which joshua did not read before all the Assembly of Israel
read before all the Assembly of Israel
read before all the Assembly of Israel with women the little ones and the
with women the little ones and the
with women the little ones and the strangers who were living among them